hi everybody I just like you to take a
look at this it's from Soho let's go see
two dated the eighth of februari 2011
and it starts at 530-6 that's there now
536 548 it's there and six o'clock it's
gone we just reverse it six o'clock gone
48 is there 36 it's there and 24 it's
gone any ideas what it is not been
looking on this site for very long about
a month or so so I'm not used to the
strange things that you might get when
you're looking at the Sun just zooming
it up to 400 soon now
we get thousands in and it's just weird
it reminds me of a lot of the UFO videos
I've been seeing lately in space with a
long thin cigar-shaped maybe that the
top is a a bright light some kind of
fuel source I don't know just very weird
if anyone's got no ideas please leave
some comments let me know what you think
no I just been stupid and seeing things
into it on there or was it there and
when it's there but is what is it so
thanks for watching and bye god bless
you